REQ-ID: NFR-REQ-ID04
Description: The system must ensure the accuracy of all ticket return reasons captured.
Type: 15 (Security)
Rationale: To ensure accuracy of data and to prevent fraudulent activity, the system should not allow a ticket to be returned if it is against the organisation's return policy.
Fit Criterion: 99% of all return reasons must be automatically validated by the system. The system will provide a list of options for the user to select as a return reason. The remaining 1% should allow for manual validation performed by an admin user within 24 hours, by allowing the users to specify "Other" and manually entering a return reason. 
Originator: Polly Gray
Comments:
[M814-ModuleChair] Add comments below, making sure to include your initials in [] at the start.
[LA] Created and committed 21 March 2019
[CS] I would question what circumstances would not be able to be validated by the system. If there is a valid reason for a ticket to not be automatically validated, could you really specify a percentage that would fit this? I think that in this case, it might be reasonable to say that 100% of ticket returns must be validated by the system.
[RB] I partly agree with CS i.e. 100% of the tickets should be validated, however for the developers a clear criterion would be that a drop down with the list of return reason stated in the organisation policy for customer to select plus the option of choosing "other" and typing the reason in a textbox if the customer reson is not listed. These types reason would them need to be manually validated(ofcourse you need to paraphrase it to act as Fit Criterion)
[DJT] The type isn't performance IMHO, it's security - i.e integrity of information. 
Agree with Rinee, if there is a set of valid return reasons, they can be listed for selection. 
Otherwise how are you going to test valid returns within the system?
Those in 'other' would need to be manually validated I would have thought and would be outside system. 
The system could also have a set of invalid reasons to select from within that set, 
which would mean assessing percentage of validity passes could be tested,
but this would degrade user experience.
[LA] Based on the above comments, I made the following changes:
- changed the type to 15
- did not include the drop box, as this would specify a solution
- included admin user for the manual validation
- remove any ambiguity from the Fit Criterion
